Add QA Product Specs for v16.0.0 (#20)
isce-framework/nisarqa: docs/product_specs/05_stats_h5.md

# Statistical Summary (QA HDF5)

> This statistical HDF5 file contains a variety of data, including:

Reviewer: >This statistical HDF5 file

Let's rephrase this 🤮

```suggestion
This HDF5 file contains a variety of data, including:
```

or

```suggestion
This statistical summary HDF5 file contains a variety of data, including:
```

* Statistics and metrics about the layers and datasets in the input L1/L2 granule.
* The computed arrays used to generate the histograms and other plots in the QA report PDF
* The processing parameters used by QA to generate all of the QA outputs
    - This includes a copy of the final runconfig file settings
* A copy of the input L1/L2 product's `identification` group
    - [!Caution] The QA HDF5's `/science/LSAR/identification/` group 
      is a copy of the input L1/L2 product's group.
    - For the QA-specific software version, processing datetime, and 
      runconfiguration contents, please see the 
      `/science/LSAR/QA/processing/` group.

> The contents of the QA HDF5 file for each product type is provided below.

Reviewer: Saying "provided below" makes a lot of sense in the context of the .docx file, where these markdowns will be concatenated together, but doesn't make a lot of sense to someone viewing the rendered markdown files, since there won't be anything below this.

How about something like this instead?

```suggestion
The contents of the QA HDF5 file for each product type is provided in the subsequent subsections.
```
